Family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in Kenosham, Wisconsin. Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting. In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. 'Thank you for your support, Kenosha,' it reads. Scroll down for more Family and friends of Aaron Siler, a man shot dead by police last month, are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger, Pablo Torres, was erected in Kenosham, Wisconsin 'I felt like they were saying thank you for killing Aaron': Family friend Kathy Willie called the billboard 'disrespectful' and said it should be taken down Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it be taken down. 'I felt like they were saying thank you for killing Aaron,' said family friend Kathy Willie. She told WISN that Siler's mother started crying when she heard about the billboard. 'Why are they doing this to us?' she asked. The Kenosha Professional Police Association claims that no offence was intended and that the billboard was simply to thank the community for its support. 'The recent incidents in the community have greatly impacted many people including the officer, his family and the entire police department,' the police association said in a statement. 'We have been humbled by the outpouring of support the community has given us and we wanted to simply say thank you for that support.' Aaron Siler, right, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres, left, on March 14 A car is damaged after a police chase: Siler, who was wanted on an active felony probation and parole warrant, was shot and killed by Torres following a vehicle and foot pursuit Siler, who was wanted on an active felony probation and parole warrant, was shot and killed by Torres following a vehicle and foot pursuit. That shooting came just 10 days after Torres, responding to a report of a suicidal man, shot 66-year-old Terry Knight, who was armed with two knives. Knight was wounded in the stomach and was charged with second-degree recklessly endangering safety. Kenosha police asked agents from the state Division of Criminal Investigation to investigate both shootings. The investigation into the shooting of Knight was turned over to District Attorney Robert Zapf's office on March 20, and he determined this month that the shooting was justified. The investigation into Siler's death continues.