It may have been her impressive vocals that propelled her to fame in 2012's series of The X Factor, but it turns out her long flowing locks have also become the source of much attention. It's now been revealed that X Factor finalist and pop star Ella Henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand Batiste. The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign, and this will mark the star's first brand collaboration. Scroll down for video X Factor finalist, Ella Henderson, has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo company Batiste The campaign images shows the singer stood against a blurred and vibrant city background showcasing a variety of hairstyles. In one shot, Henderson is seen with her glossy lustrous hair worn down and in a wavy style. She wears a plain black blouse with a black fringed leather jacket thrown on top. Another series of images shows the singer with her hair in a tousled half-ponytail, with tendrils framing her face. She sports a long-sleeved maxi dress with black animal-print sheer panels teamed with gleaming nude make-up. The campaign sees the 19-year-old singer stood against a blurred city background with her long hair styled into a half-pony The partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together by the MILES agency. And the international campaign launched with a TV advertising campaign, featuring the singer's latest single, Mirror Man. Henderson has commented on her excitement on working with the brand, citing it as a product she uses regularly. The young star is pictured wearing a black lacy dress with sheer panels in the glamorous pictures Mark Hargreaves, the CEO of Crown Talent & Media Group - who manage Ella - has commented: 'This campaign marks the very first endorsement for Ella Henderson. 'She is a remarkably talented International Artist and Batiste is a loved and respected brand, used by girls all over the world. 'The synergies between both artist and brand just naturally came together and I look forward to a very exciting 2015.'