A woman who suffered seven miscarriages has spoken of her distress after a family friend stole the money set aside for her babies' grave stone. The bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show and accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash. When one of Mr Kyle's famous lie detector tests revealed that Jamie, who lives with Dawn and her partner who is also called Jamie, had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off. Scroll down for video Devastated: Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her The drama began when Dawn, who has previously appeared on the ITV talk show, discovered that £207 set aside for a £500 grave stone had disappeared. Suspecting house-mate Jamie and his girlfriend Carol, she confronted them but was initially met with a flat denial. 'Only him and Carol knew where it was,' she said during an angry confrontation on the ITV show. 'Me and Jamie had been saving up and only Carol knew where it was.' Unable to prove it, she asked Mr Kyle to conduct a lie detector test and when the results came back, it showed that Jamie had indeed taken the cash. Caught out: Jamie, who has been to prison for burglary, was found to be lying after taking a test Outraged: Dawn, who was going to spend the money on a gravestone, was left furious by the revelation Mr Kyle also revealed that Jamie had sent a Facebook message to Dawn during the journey to London in which he declared his undying love and confessed to taking the money but blamed it on girlfriend Carol. Speaking after the show, a sobbing Dawn said:  'I've had seven miscarriages and only one of them I've had to bury. 'That was Daniel James and the £207 was put aside because the head stone was going to cost £500 altogether. 'We had to stand there and say goodbye to Daniel James and the last thing I wanted to do for Daniel James was put a head stone on him so he knew how much his mummy and daddy loved him. I feel betrayed, horrible. You try and do a good gesture to people and then you get it thrown in your face.' Tears: She then burst into tears and rushed off the stage - pursued by the Jeremy Kyle cameras Sobbing: She was comforted by her partner, also called Jamie, after the show