A video of a menacing crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how 'the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages, not moving at all'. Mr Weston told Daily Mail Australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner. Scroll down for video The large croc proudly held on to its catch for hours as it lurked around the Puerto Vallarta marina, in Mexico 'There's a sanctuary for these crocodiles up the river (200m away) which runs out to the sea and the marina,' Mr Weston explained. 'The dog went to the water's edge to see the crocodile (being curious I guess) but things didn't go according to plan obviously. 'It was certainly a shock to the system. Guess that's nature though,' he said. In the video the beast glides through the water, with rocks on one side and a footpath on the other, as crowds gasp in amazement. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight Tourist Tim Weston took a photo of the crocodile with the dog between its jaws A video of the crocodile swimming through the marina with the bike shop owner's dog has been viewed more than 500,000 times Mr Weston said: 'A couple of hours later we walked back past and there was still a crowd... But we didn't want to look at it again as we had just eaten. Yesterday morning there was no sign of either.' Social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the Bogged Facebook page. One woman  called the video 'horrible' and another said 'I hate crocodiles now'. But crocodiles are a common site in Puerto Vallarta as the Mexican beach resort is built amongst the mangroves that the creatures have called home for centuries. As well as living in the nearby sanctuary, crocs are regularly spotted on the resort's golf course. In Mexico the 'American Crocodiles' can reach lengths of 6 meters and as a result of urbanisation are living closer to humans than ever before. One social media user called the video 'horrible' and another said 'I hate crocodiles now'