Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer. The Frenchman believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Barclays Premier League title. Henry, who was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea, also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker. Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack Henry (centre) said after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea that Giroud (right) may need replacing Hull (away) - May 4 Swansea (home) - May 11 Man United (away) - May 17 Sunderland (home) May 20 West Brom (home) - May 24 Speaking as a pundit on Sky Sports, Henry said: 'I think they need to buy four players - they need that spine. They need a goalkeeper, they still need a centre back, they still need a holding midfielder and, I'm afraid, they need a top, top quality striker to win this league again. 'You had the best example with Chelsea here today. They were struggling last season to win the league. They went on to buy [Thibaut] Cortouis, [Nemanja] Matic, Cesc [Fabregas] and [Diego] Costa. 'For me, that speaks volumes and you saw it today - a team didn't and a team did, and they are about to win the league again. Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand 'He [Arsene Wenger] has to do it. You need to have this competitive thing within the group - to win the league, that has to happen.' And he added on Giroud's inability to lead Arsenal to the title despite scoring 14 league goals so far this season: 'I think Giroud is doing extremely well. But can you win the league with him? I wouldn't think so. 'He does a job, and he does it ever so well, but you can't win the league. 'Arsenal were at the top of the league last season, but everyone was saying they are not going win the league.' Arsenal need to sign players of a similar calibre to Thibaut Courtois, Nemanja Matic, Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa, according to Henry Giroud, pictured during Arsenal's match against Chelsea, has scored 14 Premier League goals this season