First blood to United after their Under 18s saw off City 1-0 in the 'mini-derby'. Kits aside, this was probably as far removed from Sunday's big match as you could imagine. For a start, no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were English. Of those, 10 were Mancunian. Callum Gribbin was the matchwinner for Manchester United with a delightful free-kick Ticket prices? Entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of Moss Lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on Saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen. Altrincham's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be Old Trafford, but it does have a proud history of its own. It was certainly a grander stage than a windswept Saturday morning on an outfield at United's Carrington complex, where Paul McGuinness's Under 18s usually ply their trade. The young Reds coach wanted to make the experience closer to what his tyros could expect should they make the step up to the seniors. And his side lined up with three at the back and supporting wingbacks in a formation seen more than once this season in the first team. In an even first-half the impressive Marcus Wood, from just down the road in Sale, came closest for City with an audacious chip. United manager Paul McGuinness saw his side claim victory in the 'mini derby' For the home side towering centre-forward Marcus Rashford, another local lad from whom big things are expected, wasted two decent opportunities when put through. Just before the hour mark England Under 17 star Callum Gribbin made and scored the first. In March, the nifty-footed attacking midfielder went viral when United tweeted a clip of him showing outrageous skills to trick four Aston Villa players. He was at it again here, showing nifty footwork on the edge of the box and drawing a foul. After dusting himself down Gribbin stepped up to curl a delightful free-kick around the wall and beyond blonde Joe Hart-a-like Charlie Albinson in the City goal. Moments later it was almost two when full-back Cameron Borthwick-Jackson's rasping 25-yard drive struck the angle of the crossbar and post. The same man looked to have gotten away with one when he appeared to clip Buckley in the box before sub Aaron Nemane hit the side-netting as the visitors looked for an equaliser. Dutch winger Javairo Dilrosun curled a free kick onto the roof of the net in stoppage time for City but that was all she wrote. The result leaves United, who have won two of this year's cross-town clashes, two points behind leaders Middlesbrough with a game in hand. Injury-ravaged City however, have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series. FA chief Greg Dyke recently bemoaned the lack of first-team opportunities for homegrown talent between the ages of 18 and 21. On the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment, there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the On the evidence of this entertaining 90 minutes high on skill and commitment, there are talents on both sides that may well deserve their chance in the coming years.