A timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained-glass windows, oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food. The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards. With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned, the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000. The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, which has gone untouched for more than 80 years, comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating - making it a collector's or antique love's paradise It's a nondescript semi-detached home from the outside but inside it's a treasure trove with features including beautiful stained glass windows The house even boasts the original bathroom which was installed when it was built - in a fetching mint green and black colour scheme The most eye-catching room is the dated bathroom - with its mint and black colour scheme - which comes complete with original tiles, wooden floor, yellow wallpaper and green sink. hoe house's wood-panelled hall is lit by quirky stained-glass windows, depicting ships in full sail, while the living room's windows are patterned with coats of arms on the glass. The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink. A high shelf in the hallway holds original tins of produce from yesteryear, including Cadbury’s Marvel dried milk, Tate and Lyle sugar and Colman’s Mustard. While some features have been upgraded - the house is double glazed - David Beddoe, director of Auction Houses Bristol and Somerset North, believes the potential cost of renovations could put developers off. He believes the house could make a perfect family home for those with a passion for antiques. The historic house will be auctioned on April 30 at the County Ground in Bristol. A hallway shelf holds original tins of produce from the past including Cadbury’s Marvel dried milk, Tate and Lyle sugar and Colman’s Mustard The original kitchen appears dated but still has some unusual original features including the cupboards and the glass-panelled door The three-bedroom home also comes with all the original cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and a rather dated kitchen sink While the wood-panelled hall is lit by stained-glass windows depicting ships the living room comes with various coats of arms in the glass With once commonplace features (pictured) now considered old-fashioned the  property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 The property is unimposing from the outside - but inside boasts a number of quirky and unusual original features like these bedroom windows While some features have been upgraded - the house is double glazed - auctioneers worry the cost of renovations could put developers off