Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's 22-year-old forward Yoshinori Muto, according to club president Naoki Ogane. The Japan international, who has played for the J-League side since 2013, will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Ogane claims that Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February. FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto (centre) brings the ball forward against Albirex Niigata in March FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims that Chelsea have made a bid for Japan international Muto Muto tussles with Yuji Nakazawa of Yokohama F.Marinos during a J-League clash last month Age: 22 Club: FC Tokyo Appearances: 37 Goals: 16 International caps (Japan): 11 International goals: 1 Did you know? Muto graduated from Keio University in Tokyo with an economics degree two weeks ago Speaking to Sports Nippon, Ogane said: 'It is true that Chelsea sent us an offer for Muto. 'It is a formal offer with conditions. They want to acquire him in the summer.' Muto, who only graduated from Keio University a fortnight ago after completing an economics degree, would be the first Japanese player to represent Chelsea if he moves to west London. He has earned 11 caps for his country after signing his first professional contract in 2014, scoring once for the Samurai Blue. A £4million deal for the youngster has been mooted, but Muto admits that he isn't sure if he will join the Premier League title chasers despite being pleased with their bid. He said: 'I have not decided yet at all. It is an honour for me to receive this offer from a great club.' Muto scored 13 times in his debut season with FC Tokyo and was named in the J-League's best XI. Muto admits it is an 'honour' to receive an offer from Chelsea although he has not yet decided to join the club Muto, pictured in action against Ventforet Kofu has scored three goals in four games so far this season The 22-year-old has a shot at goal during Japan's Asian Cup match against Palestine in January this year He has continued his fine form during the current campaign, helping his club to third place in the division with three goals in four games. Yokohama Rubber - one of the world's largest tyre manufacturers - will become Chelsea's official shirt sponsors from the start of the 2015-16 season. The initial five-year deal is the biggest in the club's history, with the Blues now considering a two-week pre-season tour of Japan this summer.