An Oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme  from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. 'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip. Parents: Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia, where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother's insistence, moved to his aunt and uncle's home in their wealthy Los Angeles neighborhood. In the Meeks' parody video, Melissa raps, 'When our family and friends, who were up to no good, started asking questions about parenthood. 'We told one little lie, said "It's not time yet." Parents said "We're ready for grandkids, get a move on it!"' Jesse raps that the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive. Melissa says in the video 'I woke up in the morning about 7 or 8 and I thought to myself, "Oh man, I'm late!" Looked at the test and it was finally there. The little plus sign. We're now three. Not a pair.' At the end of the video, the Meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child. It took five takes to film the clip, the couple told KPTV. After finding out the gender of the child, another video is a possibility for the Meeks, the couple told the Fox affiliate. Original: Will Smith is seen here rapping the theme for 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' during the show's title sequence Big reveal: At the end of the clip, the Meeks share a sonogram of their unborn child According to KPTV, the video was made so loved ones living far away could know about the baby. Melissa told the Fox affliate of the video's success 'It was completely unexpected. Like, that was the last thing we thought would happen, that it would blow up to what it had, or what it has.' Jesse told the Oregonian 'It has been a lot of fun, but definitely way more than we ever expected.' He is the great-great-grandson of Oregon pioneer Joseph Lafayette Meek, the newspaper reported. The Oregonian reported that Melissa earlier made a video which captured Jesse's reaction when he found out about the pregnancy. Jesse learned the news after reading a tag Melissa placed on their dog, which indicated a baby was on the way. A Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, couple made a pregnancy announcement video using 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' theme song last year and recreated the show's title sequence, People reported.