Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market. Scroll down for video Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty, but as he tells her that she makes him a better man, audiences can have little doubt about his feelings. What is rather less convincing, however, is the timeline of the pregnancy. With the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy, it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson, talks about being eight months pregnant. Just minutes after – once again without any nod to the passing of time – she is giving birth, with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye. With the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy, it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson, talks about being eight months pregnant As Sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with Poldark – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market Their fast relationship didn't go unnoticed by fans. One posted on Twitter: ‘If you are pregnant in Poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes’ It is reminiscent of the show’s previous pregnancy that saw Elizabeth, another contender for Ross’s affection, go to full term in the gap between two episodes. This didn’t go unnoticed by fans, who posted on Twitter: ‘Poldark is rather good, would watch the next one now. Though if you are pregnant in Poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes.’