Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four. Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy, but the former Liverpool defender backed the Reds manager. Speaking after collecting a Beacon Award for his community work on Merseyside on Tuesday, Carragher said: 'I don't think your whole future should be determined by one game. Jamie Carragher shared this image on Instagram after collecting a Beacon Award on Tuesday 'It was difficult with the players that came in and I still don't think many of them have bedded in yet.' Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand and look set to miss out on Champions League qualification for next season. Carragher added: 'Brendan, the players and the staff will be looking to next season and thinking they will go one step further, winning a trophy maybe and getting back into the top four. 'That's his job. He has to identify where in the team they need to improve; the squad is there and they did a lot of that last summer. Brendan Rodgers is under pressure at Liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa in a disappointing semi-final performance 'The signings have to be right, and if they are it will make a massive difference. If they're not they'll be back to where they are this season.' Carragher received a Beacon Award at a ceremony in London on Tuesday night for his community work on Merseyside. The 37-year-old, who played 737 games for Liverpool, has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas of Merseyside through his 23 Foundation. Carragher, pictured at the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster, backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield The former Liverpool defender added: 'I hope that I can give youngsters a lift and that extra push to realise their goals. Liverpool is a place that likes to see its own do well. It is a tight-knit community and growing up I got a lot of help and encouragement from people around me. 'I'm from an under-privileged area – Bootle in Liverpool. If I ever got the chance to help that area and the wider community I've always felt I would. 'There are plenty of philanthropists around the world who do great work and I am one of the many trying to do my little bit that will hopefully help people in my area.'