Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli in the second half. 'It's important to win a match and gain some continuity,' De Sanctis said. 'The last (four) months were tough in terms of results. So to win in front of our fans fills us with pride.' Miralem Pjanic slots home to put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack Pjanic (second left) celebrates with his team-mates Juan Iturbe, and Daniele de Rossi after scoring Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday. They had gone seven matches since their last home win - a 4-2 victory over Inter Milan on November 30. Meanwhile, Napoli's winless streak - home and away - was extended to five matches, and Diego Maradona's former club remained fifth. Security was tight for Napoli's first visit to Roma since a fan of the southern club died following a shooting before last season's Italian Cup final at the Stadio Olimpico. Napoli manager Rafa Benitez shows the strain after his side failed to win for the fifth straight game Roma keeper Morgan de Sanctis (right) was excellent to deny the visitors and protect the three points Residents of the entire Campania region that includes Naples were barred from buying tickets for the match and 1,000 police officers were called in to maintain order. But there were no reports of problems. Roma was without injured captain Francesco Totti and fellow forward Gervinho but Pjanic quickly made an impact with a free kick from 30 meters that sailed just wide of the post. A few minutes later, Juan Iturbe rapidly carried into the area and passed to Alessandro Florenzi, who from the right flank picked out Pjanic to slot it in. Roma full back Jose Holebas tracks Napoli midfielder Jose Callejon as Roma finally won at home Iburte skips past Miguel Britoss during a vital win for Roma, who have fallen off the pace recently Napoli may have had a case for a penalty when Kostas Manolas stopped Jonathan De Guzman in the 39th with shoulder contact but there wasn't much of a protest to referee Nicola Rizzoli, who officiated last year's World Cup final. In the second half, De Sanctis was superb in denying Dries Mertens on several occasions. The 38-year-old goalkeeper also made a leaping save on a shot from Manolo Gabbiadini in the 64th. Iturbe had a chance to make it 2-0 two minutes from time but hit the outside of the net. Napoli forward Lorenzo Insigne came on late for his first action since tearing his knee in November.