Space lasers are best known for blowing people - and planets - up in science fiction, and even the odd Bond movie. But one Scottish scientist is hoping they could, in fact, be the answer to heating our homes in the future. However, he hasn't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons. Space lasers: Dr Adrian Quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like Star Wars (pictured) Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy, The Times reported. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it then creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas. The physicist told The Times: 'What this will do is be able to fire at solar panels to boost the energy they are receiving.' Initial trials in Scotland were successful, but Dr Quarterman is now hoping to move the trials to Portugal. Similar?: Tokyo rresearchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS which would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit (artist's illustration shown) Unlike the lasers in the movies, however, they will not be powerful enough to blind a pigeon, let alone blow up a planet. And it is quite different from ideas unveiled in a paper earlier this week, which could see the International Space Station fitted with lasers to clear up 'space junk'. The system, suggested by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, would use a telescope already mounted on the station to find and target pieces of debris up to 62 miles (100km) away. Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up. But this laser would also not be powerful enough to be turned into a weapon: the pieces it targets will be less than a centimetre in size. However, Dr Quarterman has acknowledged you 'might possibly have to worry a bit about who is in control' of his satellites.