Nathan Hughes on Friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out George North sensationally over-turned on appeal, following an outcry on his behalf. The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ‘reckless’ for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the Welsh Lion, as he scored a try for Northampton on March 27. Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded. Although it was accepted that there had been no intent, the Fiji-born player with England ambitions received a further sanction at the original hearing. Yet, in a stunning twist – and in light of fierce criticism – the ban was thrown out, as the appeal lodged by Wasps was up-held. Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton North was left out cold on the pitch at Franklin's Gardens and had to be taken off on a stretcher It was the third time that the Wales and Lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two months Fiji-born forward Hughes missed his side's Champions Cup quarter-final loss against Toulon last Sunday North was left unconscious by the clash; a third blow to the head in the space of two months. He has since been advised to take a minimum of a month off from playing, to counter-act his concussion symptoms. Graphic, slow-motion footage of the incident at Franklin’s Gardens led some observers to condemn Hughes, but many more spoke up in his defence. Wasps were incensed that the forward had been suspended – and their dismay was shared by others outside the club. Captain James Haskell said: ‘Astounded would be an under-statement’, while fly-half Andy Goode added: ‘Really can’t believe or understand the ban for Nathan Hughes. There was no intent and I feel the accident has been judged on outcome.’ Former England player Austin Healey branded the sentence a ‘total joke’ and Harlequins captain Joe Marler echoed his sentiment, calling it an ‘absolute joke’. Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27 Hughes missed his club’s Champions Cup defeat to holders Toulon last Sunday, as he awaited his appeal hearing. He is now free to return to action immediately, but he is not in the match-day squad for Wasps’ Aviva Premiership trip to London Welsh tomorrow and given the formality of a victory in that fixture, he is unlikely to play again until the visit of Exeter to Coventry on April 26. Jeremy Summers, chairman of the appeal hearing panel, said: ‘The appeal panel considered it appropriate to hear the matter afresh. Having done so and having had the advantage of evidence not before the original panel, it concluded that no act of foul play took place in that the incident occurred accidentally.’