Gabby giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of los angeles on thursday ahead of the easter weekend after taking a trip to visit his former space shuttle. The inspirational ms giffords, 44, walked through the airport in california using a cane, hard - won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in tucson, arizona. The former u. S. Representative, who is now an advocate for gun control, was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark kelly, on the trip, and a young woman who carried several bags. Gabrielle giffords walked through the la airport using a cane on thursday alongside a young woman, showing her continued remarkable progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination. Ms giffords, who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson, arizona, is now a passionate advocate for gun control. Gabrielle giffords walks with the help of a cane through an airport in los angeles. The former u. S. Representative continues to make progress after she almost died in an assassination attempt four years ago. Ms giffords posted a picture on social media on wednesday of the couple visiting the space shuttle endeavour at the california science center in la. . The picture was captioned : `so fun to see the awesome space shuttle endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it, captain mark kelly!' Kelly also shared the snap and wrote : `good to be back with gabby giffords at the california science center to see space shuttle endeavour. My old shuttle - and still my favorite.' Last week, the couple had watch at the johnson space center in texas as mark's identical twin brother, astronaut scott kelly, blasted off aboard a russian soyuz rocket from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan on his yearlong mission to the international space station. Giffords posted a picture from mission control on her facebook page and wrote : `so exciting to be at nasa's mission control during my brother