Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them. But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of africa that finished them off. Scientists studying the latest genetic, fossil and archaeological evidence claim that neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today. Scroll down for video. Neanderthals, like the reconstruction above on display at the natural history museum in london, may have succumbed to infectious diseases carried to europe by modern humans as they migrated out of africa. They have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. But anthropologists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals. It has been around 30, 000 years since the ancestors of modern - day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient neanderthals. But the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes. Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co - existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning europeans now have roughly two per cent neanderthal dna. These `legacy' genes have been linked to an increased risk from cancer and diabetes by new studies looking at our evolutionary history. However, some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases. Scientists have found that part of our hla system, which helps white blood cells to identify and destroy foreign material in the body, could have come from neanderthals. Other researchers have suggested that humans outside africa are more vulnerable to type 2 diabetes because they interbred with neanderthals. Researchers from oxford and plymouth universities have also found that