Professor ninian peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture. A pioneering facial surgeon `repeatedly' punched a patient in the head in an `extraordinary' attempt to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident, a medical tribunal has heard. Professor ninian peckitt, 63, claimed he had simply `digitally manipulated' the patient's face as part of hospital treatment, but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, the tribunal was told. The world - renowned surgeon, who has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients and has been published in academic texts, faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients. A medical practitioners tribunal service hearing in manchester was told a man referred to as patient a had suffered `extensive injuries' to the right side of his face in an industrial accident. He was admitted to ipswich hospital in february 2012 where professor peckitt was working as an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo - facial surgery since the previous month. Christopher hamlet, representing the general medical council, told the hearing : `the case is not centred around the outcome, but the method of the surgery by way of the extraordinary allegation that he repeatedly punched the patient in the face.' He added that patient a had fallen out of bed which had further displaced his facial fractures. The hearing was told professor peckitt embarked on a `closed reduction' procedure, in which a patient is given anaesthetic before the fractured bone is manually put back together without surgery, and a cast or splint applied. Mr peckitt was working as an honorary locum at ipswich hospital in suffolk at the time of the alleged incident in february 2012. A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register. Professor peckitt, formerly of doncaster, later described the procedure as one in which the patient's face had been `digitally manipulated as best they could be