Teenagers across america got a very realistic simulation of a prom night drinking and driving crash and from the looks of their aghast faces it seems as though they learned their lesson. The glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene, reports the journal star. Scroll down for video. Hit close to home : illini bluffs high school senior moriah nau, center right, embraces classmate jordan lowe thursday as they are both affected by the intensity of a simulated prom night fatal automobile accident. Playing dead : illini bluffs high school senior alanni young stands thursday as american red cross central illinois chapter employee lisa maynard adds a touch of realism before a simulated prom night accident. In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an illini bluffs high school senior named moriah nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend. Nau's brother, austin, died at age 17 in a 2011 non - alcohol - related automobile accident. Playing one of the injured students was alanni young who was sprayed with makeup that realistically looked like blood. Playing the drunk driver in a tuxedo was illini bluffs high school senior sam giftos who stumbled out of the vehicle with fake blood dripping down his face as beer cans lined the street. In the simulation, actual firefighters removed one of the injured passengers, senior jule hemp, in a stretcher and a neck brace. The illinois high school was not the only one to host a drunken driving accident simulation this week. Very real : beer cans litter the ground as illini bluffs high school senior sam giftos acts the role of the drunken driver involved in a fatal prom night accident thursday in glasford. Bloodied : alanni young prepares to simulate a fatal car crash on