The european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services, which include youtube and the google + social network. In one of the most high - profile competition cases of recent years, europe could fine google more than $ 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe's search engine market. The european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. But the ruling - the result of a five - year investigation into the american search giant - - means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi - billion pound fines to brussels. Margrethe vestager, the eu's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti - trust rules, according to the financial times. Google's competitors, including the computer giant microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm expedia and tripadvisor, claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field. And in a further blow to google, the eu is also expected to probe google's operating system for android smartphones. The investigation will centre on whether google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps, such as youtube. Google has previously rejected the allegations, and insisted that android is an open platform that is distributed for free. Margrethe vestager, the eu's competition commissioner, will today serve google with a formal charge sheet. After charges are issued, google will have ten weeks to reply to brussels, according to the financial times. They will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing. The investigation into google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission