Up to 100 islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following an investigation into their alleged links to the trojan horse scandal. It is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham where extremist islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. This includes allegations an al - qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. More than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3, 000 messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments about british soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby was a hoax. Scroll down for video. Park view school in birmingham was one of the schools placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism - up to 100 teachers are now being investigated. It is understood the national college for teaching and leadership ( nctl ) - the profession's watchdog responsible for banning teachers from classrooms - is looking at 30 disciplinary cases, with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair. The probe into the islamic plot last year found evidence of anti - western rhetoric, intolerance towards gays and creating the perception of a worldwide conspiracy against muslims. Golden hillock school, nansen primary school, park view school - all run by the park view educational trust - oldknow academy and saltley school in birmingham were placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism. Another school investigated, alston primary, was already in special measures. Allegations under investigation include claims that an al - qaeda style video was copied at park view academy and teachers punished children by making them kneel on the floor, the sunday times reports. A group of teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a whatsapp group where they