While easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb, in greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later. As orthodox easter sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional `mock war'. Dozens of brave souls even attend the late - night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held - - even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire. Fortunately, severe injuries are rare in vrontados during the fiery celebrations. Although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on easter saturday - despite official disapproval from church officials - vrontados is in a league of its own, drawing spectators from all over greece and abroad. The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under turkish occupation, but may have older roots. Preparations last all year, while on the saturday morning participants parade their hardware through the village in lorries, honking their horns. Easter sunday was celebrated in services across europe, with thousands of people attending church in greece, russia, turkey and the balkans to mark the most important day of the christian calendar - jesus christ's resurrection from the dead. Russian president vladimir putin attended the easter sunday service in moscow, meeting with the patriach of moscow and all russia kirill, while pope francis held a commemorative service in st peter's basilica in the vatican with armenian clergy to mark 100 years since the armenian genocide. Scroll down for video. While easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb, in greece they mark the day slightly differently with thousands of homemade rockets. St. Mark's and panagia erithiani church congregations perform `rocket war' by firing thousands of home - made rockets across the sky. The rockets created beautiful patterns against the deep blue