A fugitive who taunted authorities by taking selfies outside police stations while he was on the run has finally been jailed. Aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. After fleeing his home, the 22 - year - old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force's headquarters. He was eventually arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks and was this week jailed for eight months. Aaron bee went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting the police officers who were chasing him with selfies taken outside their headquarters. He has now been jailed for eight months. But after spending less than five months behind bars since his arrest, the 22 - year - old has already been released. Last year bee taunted officers by captioning photographs `come catch me if you can' and bragging that he was `always playing hide and seek'. He visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashing his genitals outside one. The father of one had been wanted by police for breaking a non - molestation order against his former girlfriend after showing up at her house in the middle of the night. Lincoln crown court heard how he had been `threatening and abusive' towards the woman when he `kicked her door down' last october. The father of one pictured outside lincolnshire police headquarters in november. He was eventually arrested in a cafe. Before his arrest bee said he was taunting police `as a bit of fun'. He was jailed yesterday for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars since being arrested. When police couldn't find him after the assault they released his mugshot to appeal for his whereabouts. In response, bee took to facebook to mock their efforts. Among pictures he shared online was one of a police officer standing in the street which he captioned `is it me you're looking for'. He also posed