New guidance has been offered to landowners to help them avoid clashes with dog owners. Scottish natural heritage (snh), which has issued the advice, had previously heard complaints about "significant problems" with irresponsible owners. Farmers said some were unable to control their dogs around livestock and let the pets run through crops. The advice includes opening up less sensitive areas to dog walkers rather than trying to ban them completely. Drawing on the experiences of farmers and estate owners, the guidance also encourages landowners to explain why certain places should be avoided. The reasons include ground-nesting birds using the land and areas being used for rearing young lambs or calves. Nfu scotland, scottish land and estates, the kennel club and the scottish kennel club were consulted by snh. Bridget finton, snh recreation and access officer, said almost four million adults visited scotland's outdoors every year and about 48% of those people brought a dog with them. She said: "these high numbers show how dog walking helps lots of people get healthy outdoor activity, but it's really important to minimise the number of occasions when dogs cause land managers' concerns. "this guidance aims to influence the behaviour of the minority of dog walkers who act irresponsibly - actions that can have a big impact on livestock and wildlife, as well as those who are trying to enjoy the outdoors without getting dog dirt on their shoes." Gemma thomson, of nfus, said: "nfus has been aware of increasing issues experienced by members as a result of dog access. "there have been a number high profile instances which have occurred recently. "nfus is pleased to support the guidance, which should go some way to helping some land managers in ensuring that they are clear about access rights, and also assist them in finding innovative ways to address issues where they occur." Anne gray, policy officer with scottish land and estates, said a variety of problems related to dog walking were reported to her every year. She said: "these issues range from people not picking-up after their dog has gone to the toilet to dogs disturbing livestock, game birds or wildlife. "we hope this guidance will give landowners, farmers and other land managers helpful tips on how to manage dog-walking on their land in a positive and effective way. "we want everyone to have a good experience of being out and about in the countryside."