Politicians and other key figures have been reacting to the judgment on wednesday that northern ireland's current abortion law is "incompatible" with human rights. The onus will now be on the stormont to come up with new abortion legislation. "we welcome the court's decision today to grant a declaration of incompatibility. "the commission will await to see how the department of justice and the executive will take this forward or if any appeals will be lodged." "we are relieved that judge horner acknowledged that to'interpret' our pro-life laws to allow for the killing of little unborn children diagnosed with life-limiting conditions and unborn children conceived in rape or incest would be a'step too far'. "we also welcome that he accepted that a so-called'fatal foetal abnormality' is not a medical term or diagnosis. "precious life have been fighting this battle for 18 years and we will continue our efforts to ensure that the rights of unborn children continue to be upheld in law, policy and practice in northern ireland." "i have already asked the eeecutive for agreement to bring forward draft legislation to exempt from the criminal law abortion in the case of fatal foetal abnormality. "the judgement does not alter my position on this policy objective and i will continue to seek executive approval to progress this aim." "while i believe the original judgement of judge horner is seriously flawed and requires an appeal, i welcome the fact that today he rowed back from judge-made law on abortion and recognised that it is for the legislature to make the law. "hence, the practical impact of the judge's ruling is that our law remains as was and, correctly, will remain so unless and until the legislature decides otherwise." Tuv believes that the unborn child is entitled to this right and resist any attempt to change the current law." "we now need our politicians to step up and trust women to make their own decisions and not have decisions imposed on them due to having no choice. "mature and sensible debate, which puts women at the centre of decision-making, is needed, rather than barbaric laws." "we welcome the fact that this declaration of incompatibility makes no immediate change to current abortion law in northern ireland. "however we are concerned about this judgement because the current law in northern ireland is clear and has a legitimate and proportionate aim - to protect women and unborn children. "we hope the northern ireland assembly will actively pursue policies to provide women with world-leading personal pathways of pregnancy crisis care including perinatal hospice care. "we hope this judgement is appealed." "the minister will take time to consider the judgement carefully." "this is a highly sensitive and very important issue. Until we have considered justice horner's judgement in full we will not be issuing further comment."