Ross county's jim mcintyre is the only premiership boss in the running for pfa scotland's manager of the year award. The staggies won the league cup and have secured a top-six finish. Mark warburton is in the running after steering rangers to the championship title, lifting the challenge cup and reaching the scottish cup final. Peter houston, whose falkirk side lie second in the championship, and jim mcinally, whose peterhead are third in league one, are also nominated. Part-time peterhead also reached the challenge cup final and still have a chance of promotion via the championship play-offs. Falkirk have reached the premiership play-offs and presently lead hibernian in the race to finish second in the second-tier table. Bairns manager peter houston told bbc scotland: "i am thrilled that people have voted for me and it has come as a surprise. "because i look at other managers and the resources they have and some wonderful jobs are being done." Mcintyre's county knocked holders celtic out of the league cup semi-finals before lifting the trophy for the first time. The county manager said: "it was a big surprise as there are some fantastic nominees beside me and there also other managers out there who have had real success this season by winning their leagues and they have not been nominated." There is no place on the award shortlist for celtic's ronny deila, whose side are poised to win the premiership title - their fifth successive league triumph. However, the norwegian has already announced he will stand down at the end of the season after failing to win either domestic cup competition and having had poor campaigns in the champions league qualifiers and europa league group stage. Despite deila leading his side to a league and league cup double, last season's award went to john hughes, whose inverness caledonian thistle side lifted the scottish cup and finished third in the premiership - their highest-ever position ensuring a debut in european competition. The 2014 winner, derek mcinnes, also does not make the shortlist this time despite his aberdeen side posing the biggest challenge to celtic for a second year running in the top flight. Neither does allan johnston, who won the award in 2013 for leading queen of the south to the third-tier title and has done so again with dunfermline athletic, and gary naysmith, whose east fife side have won league two. Hearts head coach robbie neilson is another notable absentee, with his side sitting third in the premiership after winning promotion last season. Top 4:. Peter houston (falkirk) jim mcinally (peterhead) jim mcintyre (ross county) mark warburton (rangers)