The national league game between macclesfield town and dover athletic has been called off because of a waterlogged pitch. Match ends, macclesfield town 0, dover athletic 0. Second half ends, macclesfield town 0, dover athletic 0. Corner,  dover athletic. Substitution, macclesfield town. Chris sutherland replaces chris holroyd. Substitution, dover athletic. Duane ofori-acheampong replaces ricky miller. Attempt missed. Kristian dennis (macclesfield town) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Corner,  macclesfield town. Corner,  dover athletic. Kristian dennis (macclesfield town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Substitution, dover athletic. Liam bellamy replaces sean raggett. Corner,  dover athletic. Foul by john mccombe (macclesfield town). Nicky deverdics (dover athletic) wins a free kick. Substitution, macclesfield town. Kristian dennis replaces reece styche. Sean raggett (dover athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by sean raggett (dover athletic). Danny m. rowe (macclesfield town) wins a free kick. Foul by nicky deverdics (dover athletic). Danny m. rowe (macclesfield town) wins a free kick. George pilkington (macclesfield town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by george pilkington (macclesfield town). Nicky deverdics (dover athletic) wins a free kick. Foul by jack parkinson (dover athletic). Danny whitaker (macclesfield town) wins a free kick. Corner,  macclesfield town. Attempt missed. Chris holroyd (macclesfield town) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Second half begins macclesfield town 0, dover athletic 0. First half ends, macclesfield town 0, dover athletic 0. Corner,  dover athletic. Foul by nicky deverdics (dover athletic). David fitzpatrick (macclesfield town) wins a free kick. Reece styche (macclesfield town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Richard orlu (dover athletic) is shown the red card. Foul by richard orlu (dover athletic). Reece styche (macclesfield town) wins a free kick. Attempt saved. Ricky miller (dover athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved. Attempt saved. Stefan payne (dover athletic) header from the centre of the box is saved. Attempt saved. Stefan payne (dover athletic) header from the centre of the box is saved. Assisted by sean raggett with a cross. Attempt saved. Danny m. rowe (macclesfield town) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved. Offside, macclesfield town. Chris holroyd tries a through ball, but chris holroyd is caught offside. The decision was taken following an early morning inspection when standing water was found on the playing surface. "as a result of standing water on the pitch and the forecasted heavy rain the game has been postponed," said a statement on the macclesfield website. A new date for the fixture has yet to be agreed.