Wales' dan biggar takes over from sam davies as ospreys make five changes for their rescheduled european challenge cup game at grenoble on friday. The match was due to take place on thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch at stade des alpes. Davies started ahead of biggar at fly-half in their pro12 win against edinburgh on friday, 2 december. Veteran paul james comes in for nicky smith at loose-head prop and dmitri arhip is at tight-head for ma'afu fia. Wales hooker scott baldwin is undergoing a head injury assessment and is omitted from the ospreys' line-up. In midfield, centre ashley beck makes way for kieron fonotia while prop fia has a shoulder injury that has put him out of contention. Ospreys are playing in the second-tier european tournament for the first time and have a 100% record after wins over newcastle falcons and lyon. Grenoble lost heavily when they played the same teams. The two teams meet again on saturday, 17 december. Ospreys head coach steve tandy told bbc radio wales:. "it's pretty poor and disappointing. We came down to the ground at 3pm and the ground was hard. The blowers and a little bit of hot air has gone on it to try and rectify it but i think it was too little too late. "it's bitterly disappointing, it affects preparations. Now we've got to stay out here. It's not as if it's an anomaly where you come here and there's a big blizzard. "there's definitely been a lack of preparation and thought gone into it and for such a big game for us, we're bitterly disappointed we haven't played the game tonight." Grenoble: armand batlle; pierre mignot,clement gelin, nigel hunt, tino nemani; gilles bosch, david mele;  alexandre dardet, tienne fourcade, walter desmaison, mickael capelli,  mathias marie, kevin kornath, steven setephano, dylan hayes. Replacements: loick jammes, denis coulson, dayna edwards, thomas jolmes, henry vanderglas, lilian saseras, fabrice estebanez, bastien guillemin. Ospreys: dan evans; keelan giles, kieron fonotia, josh matavesi, dafydd howells; dan biggar, tom habberfield; paul james, sam parry, dmitri arhip, rory thornton, alun wyn jones (capt), james king, dan baker, justin tipuric. Replacements: scott otten, nicky smith, rhodri jones, lloyd ashley, sam underhill, rob mccusker, brendon leonard, sam davies. Referee: marius mitrea (italy)