Winger dean cox says he will have to remain patient as he searches for a new club after leaving league two side leyton orient by mutual consent. The 29-year-old terminated his contract with the o's after the transfer window closed, and cannot join another efl side until january. "i wouldn't say i'm in a predicament, but i have never been in this position before," cox told bbc radio london. "it is not a nice thing for a footballer. I'm not able to do my job." The former brighton man continued: "i am going to have to sit it out again for four months before i can kick a ball in the league again. "i'll try to make the best of it. It is hard to train on your own and keep yourself motivated but it is something which has got to be done." Cox left orient on 1 september after turning down a move to league one northampton town. Having spent six years with the o's, scoring 59 times in 275 appearances, cox said he was "an emotional wreck" on his departure from brisbane road. "i didn't really want to leave but, circumstances being what they were, i felt like i had no choice," he said. "we had come to our conclusion that we were going to go our separate ways. I can't really elaborate on it for legal reasons. "it is a club i will always love. When i finish playing i want to be a manager and if i can go back there and manage one day that would be great." Cox, who has only just recovered from a long-term knee injury, is aiming to agree a contract with an efl club which will commence in january before seeking a short-term deal with a non-league side to keep up his match fitness. "i was just getting back in the groove," he said. "if i can get something sorted sooner rather than later league-wise, then great. "hopefully the clubs i speak to will understand my situation. I'm not too proud to play in lower divisions as i need to play. "come january, i need to be ready to kick on." Cox has already held initial negotiations with league two side crawley town. "it interests me because they are local to where i am," he said. "it ticks the boxes and i used to play with the captain jimmy smith at orient. The manager [dermot drummy] wants attractive attacking football, which is great for me because that is the way i like to play. "by no means is it a done deal. We have had talks and we'll see how that goes." You can hear an interview with dean cox on bbc radio london's saturday sport show, which begins at 13:00 bst.