A woman whose partner died after a car crash in aberdeenshire has told a trial she felt as if she was "in a washing machine" after the collision. Driver henry mcpherson, 61, from st fergus, died after the accident on the a952 near mintlaw in 2014. Pauline flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving. Mr mcpherson's partner patricia mcpherson, 52, told peterhead sheriff court she remembered the look of fear on his face. Ms flynn, of mintlaw, allegedly crossed on to the opposite side of the carriageway while driving along the clola to toll of birness road. Mrs mcpherson said: "i became aware that i was to be in a crash when i saw lights cross from the other carriageway lighting up the central line, the driving line of the road. "the lights were right in my face. "the next thing i remember after that is a feeling like i was in a washing machine. "it was a bit surreal. I felt like i was in a washing machine going round and round and can remember hearing myself screaming. "and i can remember looking over at harry and he had a look of fear on his face that i had never seen in my life." Mrs mcpherson described mr mcperson as a masculine man who would not have shown anyone when he was scared. She went on: "i think he knew it wasn't going to end well." Mrs mcpherson said her partner of 34 years, who was known as harry, had his arms stretched straight out in front on him on the steering wheel. She said she then felt as if she was being crushed from the front of her chest to her back and could  barely breathe. Mrs mcpherson said: "i can remember being in the car and feeling crushed and i can remember a strange smell of earth or soil. "i couldn't understand why i was smelling earth. I didn't at that stage realise the situation i was in. "i didn't realise i was in a crash." Defence lawyer susan duffy asked mrs mcpherson if she wanted someone to be responsible for the death of mr mcpherson and her subsequent fracture injuries. She replied: "i don't want anyone to be responsible for that no. I want to have my partner back." The trial continues.