Dyfed-powys police and north wales police require improvement in some of the ways they work, according to reports by watchdogs. They inspected how well forces treat the public, ensure staff work ethically and lawfully, and how they look after their workforce. North wales police and crime commissioner arfon jones branded the force's report "inaccurate". Dyfed-powys police said it would "continue to improve". Gwent and south wales police have been judged as good in annual "legitimacy" assessments by her majesty's inspectorate of constabulary (hmic). In its study of forces in england and wales, the hmic said the abuse of authority for sexual gain was now the "most serious" form of corruption facing police. North wales police's zero-tolerance approach to sexually-motivated misconduct was highlighted in the report, saying it took "action where it suspects the abuse of authority for sexual gain is taking place". Hmic found north wales police:. Defending the force, mr jones said: "i don't believe the'requires improvement' judgement reflects the tremendous work carried out across north wales on a daily basis to keep our communities safe." He was also critical of the number of hmic inspections, adding: "the force is having to make a significant amount of investment of both time and resources just to respond to the inspection regime." Regarding dyfed-powys police, hm inspector of constabulary wendy williams said she was "disappointed by the lack of progress" on the previous year. She also said that it needed to "gain a better understanding of the extent to which officers may be abusing their authority for sexual gain". Temporary deputy chief constable liane james said dyfed-powys police had been working "tirelessly" to ensure its code of ethics was implemented across the board. "as we get ready to welcome a new chief constable to the force, i am pleased to see all the hard work of our staff over the past year is paying off and we will continue to improve and ensure we safeguard the communities of dyfed and powys together," she said. Hmic found that dyfed-powys police:.